Add redis connector configuration.md (#1589)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/redis-connector/redis-connector-configuration.md

# Setting up the Environment 

> The Redis connector allows you to access the Redis commands through the WSO2 EI. Redis stands for remote dictionary server. Redis store /serve that stores data as key-value pairs and this key-value store can be used as a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Redis connector allows you to access the Redis commands through the WSO2 EI. Redis stands for remote dictionary server. Redis store `/serve` resource that stores data as key-value pairs and this key-value store can be used as a database.
```

Added "resource" here. Check if it is the right term.

Author: Updated.

## Setting up the environment

> Before you start configuring the Redis connector, you also need WSO2 MI, and we refer to that location as <PRODUCT_HOME>.

Reviewer 2: Let's not use the name `WSO2 MI` anywhere. It is actually EI 7. Thus we'll just mention WSO2 EI. There is no need to say `also`. 

Download WSO2 EI (link) and extract the zip file to a known location. In this setup guide we refer to that location as <PRODUCT_HOME>.

Author: Updated.

> To configure the SMPP connector, copy the following client libraries from the given locations to the `<PRODUCT_HOME>/lib` directory.

Reviewer 2: Redis connector?

Reviewer 2: there is nowhere to copy from. Instead should we say download from here (location) ?

Author: Updated correct download location.

> * [ jedis-2.1.0.jar](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/redis.clients/jedis/2.1.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [jedis-2.1.0.jar](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/redis.clients/jedis/2.1.0)
```

Author: Updated.

## Setting up the Redis server 

> 1. Navigate to the [Redis server](http://redis.io/download) and download it. Please follow the steps given in this page to install the Redis server in your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the [Redis server](http://redis.io/download) and follow the steps given in this page to install this in your local machine.
```

Author: Updated.

> 2. After setting up the **Redis Server** navigate to Redis installed location and execute **src/redis-server** command.

Reviewer 2: ./src/redis-server.sh ? The current does not look like a command.

Author: Updated.

> 2. After setting up the **Redis Server** navigate to Redis installed location and execute **src/redis-server** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After setting up the **Redis Server**, navigate to the location you installed Redis and execute the `src/redis-server` command.
```

Author: Updated.

> 3. In the terminal you will see the Redis **port** and **PID** as shown bellow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the command line, you can see the Redis **port** and **PID** as shown below.
```

Author: Updated.

    
   <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/redis-server.png" title="Redis server" width="600" alt="Redis server"/> 
 

> 4. You can interact with Redis using the built-in client. For this please open new terminal and navigate to Redis installed location. Then enter **src/redis-cli** command.

Reviewer 2: IMO there is no need to say - please. 
open `a` new terminal

Reviewer 2: Same with this command as well. Shall we present it properly?

Author: Updated.

> 4. You can interact with Redis using the built-in client. For this please open new terminal and navigate to Redis installed location. Then enter **src/redis-cli** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You can interact with Redis using the built-in client. In the command line, navigate to the location you installed Redis. Enter `src/redis-cli`.
```

Author: Updated.
